Server messages, updated October 1, 2000.

& Slaved

  -.___.'  Your character has been [1;31mdisabled[m.
   (O.o)   Please write to the administrator for access at
   .(_)    the following address: [1madmin@winds.org[m

& Create Character
Welcome Adventurer, to the Land of the Wind.

For thousands of years, your heavy-laden soul drifted aimlessly through
the ether, until, by the slightest of odds, it came upon the Gates of
Destiny. It is now time to choose a name, one appropriate to roleplay
in a fantasy world full of dragons and faeries, knights and wizards.

If this is your first time on the game, we recommend you login as a Guest
to get a feel for the game first. At any time during this creation process,
you can type RECONNECT all in caps to return to the login screen.

& Invalid Name
Whoa! Either that playername already exists, or you've entered something so
inconspicuously obnoxious that the game just really doesn't like it.
So try again, keeping the name between 3 and 16 letters, no spaces, and no
other symbol besides the . ' and _ keys. And in the meager chance that you've
forgotten your password, you can email admin@winds.org for help.

& Set Password
Now enter a password for your character! This password must be at least
3 characters long and can contain any mixture of symbols, numbers, or spaces.

& Change Password
Your new password must be at least 3 characters long and can contain any
mixture of symbols, numbers, or spaces. Pressing Enter without typing
anything will leave your password unchanged.

& Edit Rlname
Before we create your character, we want to know your Real Name and Email
Address. This allows the game's administration to protect your rights and
preserve your character, especially if you forget your password. You have a
choice to let other players see the information that you provide below.
In other words, what you give us can only serve to help you later.

Please answer the following to the best of your ability. If you make a
mistake, pressing Enter without typing anything will let you start over.

& Edit Email
Now enter your Email Address. If you have no Email Address, type None
at the prompt below.

& Config Terminal
WindsMARE has the ability to display color and graphics on your screen.
If the following word "[1;31;5mANSI[m" appears bold, red, or blinking, then
you support ANSI and you should say Yes to the following question.
If none of those traits are visible, or there was garbage surrounding
the word ANSI, then you do not support it, and you should say No.

